thank you for being here your office is
right down the block from ID as it is
with the superheroes wandering by all
day long I have one of those superheroes
run against me one year yeah yeah
there's a lot of spider-man though he
didn't do too well I'm guessing though
he did not he did not on the screen that
he did on the ballot how is your life
changed over the like the past year as
far as your daily life or daily
activities it's changed a lot and it
certainly when I walk down the street I
get a different reaction often very
extreme mostly positive yes sometimes
not so much is that right real here in
Los Angeles yeah negative reaction I
remember walking down the street in
Burbank mm-hmm
there was a guy who was almost a block
away I don't even know how he recognized
me but the first thing I hear is there's
that a-hole in case I didn't know he was
talking about his wife is like what's
the matter honey what's the matter
there's Adam Schiff and I'm like I guess
he was talking about me yeah it's mostly
good in fact I was in New York visiting
my daughter and we're walking down the
street and I'm wearing blue jeans and a
canvas jacket and sunglasses I'm
surprised people are stopping me that
they can even recognize me and my
daughter's getting annoyed you know
someone's your daughter she's a senior
in college okay
she's watching now and probably even
more annoyed she's getting annoyed cuz
there's only one center of attention of
the family and it's her the last straw
was somebody asked her to hold their
beer while we took a photograph oh wow
and as we walked away she's like what am
I now the beer holder and I said Alexa
I'm just shocked that anybody can
recognize me and she says well you know
dad it's the pencil-neck so now looking
at your neck and it doesn't seem pencil
II at all a little bit I would argue
that Trump has a big fat orange neck
I'm here with you right what's your
what's your collar size and I think it
says 16 and a half it's perfectly
reasonable so do people who will come up
to me and they'll kind of look me over
they're like your neck looks pretty
adorable seem a bit surprised yeah he
seems to be very fixated on you in
general and I think that's probably a
good thing yes I mean it tells me that
you're doing your job I spend half my
day inside his head apparently mm-hmm
and I got to tell you it's pretty scary
in there lately all the marbles rolling
around do you like just yesterday for
instance before he left for this big
trip to India where he's supposed to
work on a trade agreement he's out on
looking here as he's talking about you
investigate Adam ship for leaking that
information he should not be leaking
information should they investigate you
uh yeah absolutely
who is they that he wants to and wants
to do an investigation of you'd would
this be your your fellow congressman
actually no I mean it's much more
malicious than that he wants the Justice
Department is his hand-picked hack at
the attorney general's office yes bill
Barr walk to investigate his political
enemies shouldn't everyone regardless of
their party be very troubled by this
absolutely and you know after Watergate
we tried to build a strong wall between
the Oval Office and the Justice
Department so that no president would
seek to prosecute his enemies abuse the
Justice Department that way and that
wall has been so broken down by this
president he as you know intervened in
the sentencing of one of his accomplices
Roger stone yes he has urged the
investigation prosecution of James Comey
Adam Schiff you name it I mean it would
be it would be funny if it wasn't such a
serious assault on the rule of law and
and then just this week of course
he fired the the head of all the
intelligence agencies for doing his job
which is briefing Congress on the threat
to our elections posed by a foreign
power and he's replaced him with someone
who has no experience except being a
lackey of the President and this is just
so dangerous for the country and when
you are you know you're in the House
Intelligence Committee you run the House
Intelligence Committee you're there with
your colleagues some of whom are
Republicans do they do they share this
concern do you get any sense from them
that they feel like something is wrong I
mean like Devin Devin Nunez Francis
Devin Nunez who for whatever reason just
kind of came out of nowhere and really
just devoted his life to protecting
Donald Trump for reasons that are
unknown to me I have no idea why I don't
know if he's if he's dumb if he's evil
if he's some combination of the two I'm
pretty sure he's dumb I won't speak to
evil but what's going on there well I
don't know except I was thinking during
her last segment that I need a candle
that says this smells like Devin Nunez
honestly we used to get along quite well
yeah but like so many people that get
too close to Donald Trump they end up
badly tainted and and he's just gone
down a rabbit hole which is you know
great shame and more than shame when
he's when he was the chairman of the
Intelligence Committee it was downright
dangerous and now he's the ranking
member it's less dangerous but
nonetheless problematic it appears that
it was Nunez who may have gone
reportedly went to the White House to
complain that we were being briefed the
whole committee was being briefed about
the ongoing threat to our elections from
Russia and that was enough to get the
President to fire the top Intel official
and to give him a new deputy which was
Devin unas former staff and it's crazy
it is crazy it's totally crazy
I never imagined in my wildest nightmare
that any of this could happen in this
country
and I I think it calls on all of us in
our public life our private life our
civic life our corporate life to do
everything we can right now to defend
our democracy what can we do to defend
our but obviously this president isn't
some people support them I don't but
what other than removing him from office
what can we do well we can remove him
from office and that's that's the main
thing the good news is that the American
people do not buy what he's selling they
don't they don't like him a majority
Americans have never agreed with him if
we turn out our people those people that
are decent that that cherish the values
of this country if we register them to
vote and we turn them out he is a
one-term nightmare Oh
they can do everything right and still
lose because they don't have the numbers
the demographic that supports them is an
older and dying literally dying
demographic Mitch McConnell's whole
political business model is built on
fewer people voting it's the only way
they stay in power is a fewer people
voting which is why they work so hard to
disenfranchise particularly minority
communities from voting so what we need
to do is we need to register every
single eligible voter we don't need to
know who the nominee is going to be
right now we can register people right
now and then when it comes time in the
fall we turn them out and we look back
on this as a terrible gauntlet we went
through and I think frankly anyone that
stood by stood with this president
lacked the kind of courage that Mitt
Romney displayed will be covered with
shame covered with shame all right well
we take break we'll come back a little
more chat with Adam Schiff we'll be
right back
can we be confident that Americans and
not foreign powers will get to decide
and that the president was shun any
further foreign interference in our
democratic affairs and the short plain
sad incontestable answer is no you can't
you can't trust this president to do the
right thing not for one minute not for
one election not for the sake of our
country
you just can't he will not change and
you know it that is Adams speaking to
the Senate making a case for a removal
of Donald Trump or the only as we
mentioned Mitt Romney is is the only
Republican senator who who I did the
right thing I guess you know I have to
say I'm I'm in awe of the courage that
he showed and
the no gamble the founders made was that
human beings possess sufficient virtue
to govern themselves that they didn't
need to be ruled by a despot and that
seems quite intuitive now but at the
time it was unprecedented
they literally bet their lives and their
sacred honor on this this proposition
and listening to Mitt Romney for me
vindicated that faith they put in human
beings and not just Mitt Romney but
other courageous people like joe Manchin
and Doug Jones the many House members
that come from difficult districts and
yet voted their conscience in their
constitution that should give us
optimism about the future III hope and
believe that when we look back on this
time we can see what we can't see
because we're living through it and that
is that what Mitt Romney did we can
point to as the moment that the fever
began to break I hope you're right I
don't know that it seems like we lose
focus so quickly that were just right on
to the next thing and he's Trump is
always up to something
have you met Donald Trump of you I have
met him a couple times the first time in
the Oval Office he came around the desk
to greet me it was when was this it was
right after the Devin noonas Midnight
Run Gockel Wow and I went over to see
the documents and he his he sent his
staff over saying he wanted to see me in
the Oval Office I couldn't bring staff
with me which made me nervous right
clean yeah that there be no witness to
what he would say but the first thing he
said we came around s he said you know
you do a really good job and when
somebody says that to your natural
impulse is to say so do you but I
couldn't bring myself to say anything
like that and there was this long very
cause that's where your relationship
went wrong guy you guys could have been
together it would have been just well I
just want to say thank you for I watch
you and I am grateful for what you do in
fact I do want you to have this special
gift congratulations on making it to the
end of the YouTube video why not
celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it